
# Sprint Review Meeting - Sprint 3

**Date:** Nov 30, 2024  
**Location:** Virtual Meeting  

---

## Welcome and Introduction  

- **Meeting Purpose:** Review of Sprint 3  
- **Attendees:** Angus, Fude, Jyotika, Kshitij, Mokshita, Rohan, and Tanmay  

---

## Sprint Goal Review  

**Sprint Goal:**  
- Implementation of the share functionality.  
- Discuss the user interface.  
- Explore the process for snippet sharing.  
- Document the functionality thoroughly.  

### Sprint Highlights:  
- Despite the Thanksgiving holiday, commendable progress was made during this sprint.  
- Chris delivered excellent work on webview.  
- Significant advancements were made on authentication and sharing features.  
- The team adhered to the project schedule and showcased strong collaboration and commitment.  
- Key decisions, such as selecting the webview approach, were successfully made.  
- The meeting where the team collectively evaluated and determined the project's direction proved to be highly productive.  

**Goal Achievement Status:** Achieved  

---

## Sprint Backlog Review  

### Completed Items:  
1. **As a user, I need defined shortcut keys to insert snippets**  
   [#25](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/25)  
2. **Sprint 1 & 2 update video**  
   [#41](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/41)  
3. **GitHub GIST ADR**  
   [#39](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/39)  
4. **ADR for GIST APIs**  
   [#60](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/60)  
5. **Update README.md**  
   [#47](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/47)  
6. **GitHub Gist API Exploration**  
   [#40](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/40)  

### Tasks in Review:  
- **GitHub Authentication Exploration**  
  [#42](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/42)  
- **Analyze the options to perform E2E testing**  
  [#54](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/54)  

---

## Current Tasks  

### Urgent:  
- **Midterm Questions (Due 1st December 11:59pm):**  
  [#55](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/55)  

### In Progress:  
1. **Create a user interface that allows me to see all the created snippets:**  
   [#36](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/36)  
2. **As a user, I want to see a confirmation dialogue when I use a snippet:**  
   [#23](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/23)  
3. **ADR for Authentication:**  
   [#62](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/62)  

---

## Closing Remarks  

- **Next Sprint Planning Session:** Dec 2, 2024  

