
# Sprint Review Meeting - Sprint 3

**Date:** December 8th, 2024  
**Location:** Virtual Meeting  

---

## Welcome and Introduction  

- **Meeting Purpose:** Review of Sprint 4  
- **Attendees:** Tanmay, Mokshita, Kshitij, Angus, Chris X, Chris C, Fude, Jyotika, Rohan

---

## Sprint Goal Review  

**Sprint Goal:**  
- Implement Github Gists
- Implement some unit tests
- Implement Webview functionalities
- Nearly finish the whole project

### Sprint Highlights:  
- Many upgrades in terms of UI and backend functionalities.
- Significant advancements were made in the share functionality.
- Github Gists functionality were implemented.
- Webview refresh functionality was created.
- Search functionality was created.
- Most of the functionality for the project was completed this sprint.

**Goal Achievement Status:** Achieved  

---

## Sprint Backlog Review  

### Completed Items:  
1. **Add support to create, update and delete snippets and gists**  
   [#69](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/69)  
2. **Create a user interface that allows me to see all the created snippets:**  
   [#36](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/36)  
3. . **ADR for Authentication:**  
   [#62](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/62)  
4. **As a user, I want to see a confirmation dialogue when I use a snippet:**  
   [#23](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/23)  

---

## Current Tasks  

### Urgent:  
- **Midterm Questions (Due 1st December 11:59pm):**  
  [#55](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/55)  

### In Progress:  
1. **Upgrade front-end design:**  
   [#74](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/74)  
2. **move HTML code to separate file:**  
   [#71](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/71)  
3. **Team evalation (individual):**  
   [#82](https://github.com/cse210-fa24-group13/codesnip/issues/82)  

---

## Closing Remarks  

- Finish Strong!
